RULES OF THE GAME

1. Each piece can only move once
2. Goal is to capture flag
3. Bomb kills everything except Miner
4. Spy kills Marshal
5. Every role has a number and beats the other piece if the number is higher
6. If numbers are equal then they both die

#SNAPPING ONTO THE BOARD
if (mouseup and was dragging piece) {
	On an interval for the center of each slot on the board check which position the mouse is closest to to snap onto that piece
}

#ACTUAL GAME MECHANICS
Have the user place all their pieces on the on their side, must create a 10x4 rectangle with pieces, no space inbetween
Afterwards the game starts

#AI
Use the following setup
https://www.ultraboardgames.com/stratego/gfx/setup31.jpg
If the AI runs into an enemy piece, jot down the value of the enemy piece in a hashmap(?) and try to place itself in more situations where its more likely to win
Marshal General and 2 Colonels should mostly be played defensively, never have them attack pieces that haven't moved or are unsure of its value
# ONLY MOVE THEM MID/LATE GAME or when theyre within reach of a piece that you are sure has a lower rank than them
Also try to utilize scouts towards the end so they have more value
Reserve spy until you see marshall, keep it close to the general (the only piece that can capture a general is a marshall, and if that happens you can trade with spy)
As your opponent reveals more of his pieces try to position your pieces that are closest to that rank to that piece 
(ex: if your opponent reveals a 4 then try to bring a 5 closer to it if possible, if it isnt get a 6, 7, etc.)

GAME RULES:
Scouts can move any number of open spaces in a single direction and can also make an attack during a single turn. 
Although scouts, with a rank of 2, can only take down spies, they're valuable for strategic strikes -- either by potentially sacrificing the scout to reveal one of your opponent's pieces or by making a swift, multi-space move to take out a low-ranking threat -- or to grab an unprotected flag.

Miners are valuable because they can disarm your opponent's bombs and remove them from the board; when a miner disarms a bomb, it moves to occupy the bomb's previous space on the board. Every other game piece, however, will suffer a deadly explosion if it encounters an opponent's bomb.

The spy is particularly lethal -- as long as it can evade capture. Unfortunately, becoming a prisoner of war is a very real risk for the spy because every other ranked piece on the board can capture it. 
However, it's the only piece that can attack and capture the top-ranked marshal -- provided that the spy is the attacker. It will be captured if a marshal attacks it.

1 marshal, rank of 10
1 general, rank of 9
2 colonels, rank of 8
3 majors, rank of 7
4 captains, rank of 6
4 lieutenants, rank of 5
4 sergeants, rank of 4
5 miners, rank of 3
8 scouts, rank of 2
1 spy, rank of S


